The reason behind having this folder is to 
code for both the ios and android, there 
are lottie_ios and react-native_lottie 
package version conflicts if i will use 
given version it only support in android 
and not in ios, the same the other versions 
support in ios and not in android. For that 
reason i have two folders of 
'BusBooking_ios' and 'BusBooking_android' 
this files contains the  package which will 
work fine with given plaform. So in order 
to avoid us from writting codes for both 
plaform due to this conflicts i created 
this folder which first i will install all 
required 'Pods' which version that support 
in iOS as you know the iOS is watching the 
'Pods' when it run and not the 
'package.json' and we generate 'Pods' only 
once, so we will generate Pods which 
packages required for 'IOS' then for 
android since it depend on 'package.json' 
the next step is to have packages required 
for android and run our application so the 
point of note here is final package.json of 
these 'lottie' packages contains the 
configuration/version required for android 
which its okay since we're already 
generated "Pods" using the package required 
by ios
